Hi hi, we're gonna start with the idioms.
Comenzaremos con los idioms y las expresiones.
The first one, passed away.
Passed away, quiere decir que se murió.
Okay?
Passed away.
Dilo conmigo, say it with me.
You?
Pretty good, excellent.
Once more, passed away.
Pretty nice.
Example sentence.
The previous manager had passed away
because of an attack.
Okay?
After an attack.
Now, the second one.
Casual encounters.
Eso significa encuentros casuales.
Okay?
No son así como una reunión formal, etc.
Simplemente un encuentro casual con
alguna persona.
Say it with me.
Casual encounters.
Okay?
Encounters.
You?
Pretty good.
Excellent.
Great.
Once more.
Casual encounters.
Pretty good.
Example sentence.
These conversations seemed like casual encounters.
Number three.
Part of the plan.
Parte del plan.
Okay?
Part of the plan.
Parte del plan.
Dilo conmigo.
Part of the plan.
Pretty good.
Excellent.
Once again.
Part of the plan.
Pretty good.
Making sure.
Making sure they didn't know it was part
of the plan.
Asegurándose de que ellos no supieran que
era parte del plan.
Next one.
Gave her report.
Dio su reporte.
Okay?
Let's say it with me.
Gave her report.
Pretty good.
Nice.
Excellent.
Once more.
Gave her report.
Pretty nice.
And the last one.
Walked into.
Okay?
Que entraron en.
Walked into.
Veamos la frase para que sea mucho mejor.
They walked into the waiting room.
Waiting room.
Okay?
Ellos entraron en la sala de espera.
Say it with me.
Walked into.
You.
Pretty good.
Excellent.
Once again.
Walked into.
Pretty nice.
So, that was everything for today.
And I'll see you in the next one.
I'll see you in the next one.